Metadata structure (#109)
LumiSpy/lumispy: doc/source/user_guide/metadata_structure.rst

Signal
======

signal_type
    type: string

    String that describes the type of signal. The LumiSpy specific signal classes are
    summarized under :ref:`signal_types`.

quantity
    type: string

    The name of the quantity of the “intensity axis” with the units in round brackets if
    required, for example 'Intensity (counts/s)'.

See `HyperSpy-Metadata-Signal
<https://hyperspy.org/hyperspy-doc/current/user_guide/metadata_structure.html#sample>`_
for additional fields.

Acquisition Instrument
======================

Laser / SEM / TEM
=================

For **SEM** or **TEM** see `HyperSpy-Metadata-SEM
<https://hyperspy.org/hyperspy-doc/current/user_guide/metadata_structure.html#sem>`_
or `HyperSpy-Metadata-TEM
<https://hyperspy.org/hyperspy-doc/current/user_guide/metadata_structure.html#tem>`_.

Laser
-----

laser_type
    type: string

    The type of laser used, e.g. 'HeCd'.

model
    type: string

    Model of the laser (branding by manufacturer).

wavelength
    type: float

    Emission wavelength of the exciting laser in nm.

power
    type: float

    Measured power of the excitation laser in mW.

> objective_magnification

Reviewer: Would `magnification` on its own be enough?

Author: Well, the laser itself is not magnified, that is why I came up with this additional specification. On the other hand, SEM/TEM do have a field `magnification` so it could make sense to use the same here.

sample. In case multiple filters are used, they should be numbered
`Filter_1`, etc. See :ref:`filter-label` above for details on items that
may potentially be included.

Detector
========

Contains information about the detector used to acquire the signal. Contained
leaves will differ depending on the type of detector.

detector_type
    type: string

    The type of detector used to acquire the signal (CCD, PMT, StreakCamera, 
    TCSPD).

model
    type: string

    The model of the used detector.

frames
    type: int

    Number of frames that are summed to yield the total integration time.

integration_time (s)
    type: float

    Time over which the signal is integrated. In case multiple frames are
    summed, it is the total exposure time. In case of serial acquisition, it is
    the dwell time per data point.

saturation_fraction
    type: float

    Fraction of the signal intensity compared with the saturation threshold of
    the CCD.

binning
    type: tuple of int

    A tuple that describes the binning of a parallel detector such a CCD on
    readout in x and y directions.

processing
    type: string

>     Information about automatic processing performed on the data, e.g. 'dark

Reviewer: If this is going to be used by lumispy, for example, to know if a processing needs to be applied, would it be good to standardise it more tightly by allowing only a set of specific strings?

Author: For the moment, I do not have an overview what different types of information and strings we could get from vendor software. For the moment, I would leave it.

    subtracted'.

sensor_roi
    type: tuple of int

>     Tuple that specifies range of pixels on a detector that are read out.

Reviewer: Specify the order of the values of the tuple? Which one is position, size, x, y, etc.?

> pixel_width
>     type: float
> 
>     Diameter of a pixel in µm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pixel_width
    type: float or tuple of float

    Size of a pixel in µm. Tuple of length 2 (width, height), when the pixel is not square.
```

Author: Good point, we should maybe name it pixel_size then.

Spectral_image
==============

Contains information about mapping parameters, such as step size, drift
correction, etc.

mode
    type: string

    Mode of the spectrum image acquisition such as 'Map' or 'Linescan'.

step_size
    type: float

    Distance between subsequent pixels in the spectral image.

step_size_units
    type: string

>     Units of the step size (standard 'nm').

Reviewer: Is not redundant with the information provided in the `AxesManager`?

Author: Indeed, it is in the definition of the navigation axes, so we can leave it out here.
